so my inner circle as a leader will consist of almost always the same
elements. So one is going to be, um, the leader. That kind of has, Ah,
pulse on the executive staff. Um, you know, the things that are going
on, um, with the ship, the vision of the ship. I'll also bring
in individual who may be in the operation side for future command or
for future engagements of different things that are happening to give
us that perspective. I like to bring in somebody in my leadership
team or within my circle that's dealing with with the medical side
of the house, Um, people that is dealing with people like I am, um,
individuals who could be either in the psychology or psychiatrist or
even in just the medical team physicians or Corman rate. And then I
also want to bring in somebody, um, that might be in the enlisted rates
and maybe, uh, it could be in the junior enlisted rates or could
be somebody. That's, ah, khaki who can speak to the day to day life
of what's actually happening with the crew. Get us involved with the
pulse of what's going on in that circumstance.